each main enemy you face is a demon
everyone they kill is sent to pergatory (better name)
they just want to feast on the much reduced human population
uplifing moment, humans band together in adversity-patriotism, common humanity, etc.
not enough evil to sustain hell
each demon you kill sends another to earth.
utterly wreak havoc

never go to hell
  Pacifist- Web of alliances and aggrements that leads to a new better government
  Good- Reinstate democracy, save the wastes
  Neutral- Junta, which eventually reinstates democracy, after a rebellion against tyrant
  Evil- The wastes are pacificied by the gun.  You create a feudal kingdom that does not use force more than necessary
  Genocide- You discover a sealed vial while rummaging through an abandoned lab.  It breaks turning you into something.  You haunt the nightmares of the few remaining living creatures.

Go to hell
  Pacifist- Free humanity from heavenly domination
  Good-Utopia on earth-I have no mouth and I must scream
  Neutral- You establish a place in Limbo free from both sides, standing fast against demonic and heavenly incursions.
  Evil-Humanity, now free from heavenly considerations, work tirelessly, attempting to discover weapons that give them the advantage in the attack.  They colonize the milkyway, and go toe to toe with many alien races
  Genocide- You hold the fate of this tiny ball in your fist.  Allow it to prosper, or finish the bowl?


Opening
...wake up...
...Wake Up...
WAKE UP!
Shadowy room, light from computer monitor and a desk bathing a small area
Small red and black demon preens in the light
"Hi sleepy-head!"
"I'm _____. _____ Ab -static-! What's your name?"
"$PlayerName... What do you do?"
$PlayerName the $PlayerJob... Oh this is going to be so fun."
"Can you turn around?  Look at the wall for a moment."
Pure white light

Name

After drinking too much (milk, soda, beer, water), N got out of bed, grumbling.  What was (he/she/shi) annoyed about? (work, practice).  Do you want to be more specific? (the office, the bar, pt, the store)/(mathletes, track, football, that viking arse).
N heard something from behind their bedroom door, a voice that wad becoming increasingly insistant.
???: Hey wake up!
...
???: I said wake up!  You're going to miss the fireworks!
...
???: WAKE UP!

(Get out, open the door)
Inside your room is a glowing red imp, poised go crack a chair over your bed.
???: oh there you are!  The fireworks are just starting!

(Go along, resist)
It grabs you and pulls you over to the window.  You look out onto a generic cityscape.
A few moments pass.  A blinding light.  Screen is blurred to crap.
???:he he he.  I forgot about that.  Let's see if…
Screen pulls back into isometric
???: Not exactly what I had in mind, but eh, what are you going to do?
Free movement enabled.
???: the cloud should be here in maybe 30 rounds.  I'd get out before then.

(Resist) you have a few seconds to grab stuff in first person before being blinded and the same effect applies.

(Head downstairs) indefinite time, can't grab stuff from upstairs, explosion occurs either as you leave your front door or get in the car.  Imp appears besides you.
???: clever ain't you?  Now what are you going to do?  Can't see, can't drive, you'll burn in a couple minutes. Are you willing to owe me a favor?

(Yes, no)
Third person, can now drive or run off
No
???: aww we were going to have so much fun together.  Well-ta.
Dry culvert nearly off screen run there, can block out the radiation.  (Impossible mode)

Do you want to reminisce about your past?  (Statically rebalance and get to chose what class you are.)

World map
Travel map of the local area.  With a big red circle over the city.  Ends abruptly, some pencil like drawings of remembered portions of the county.
Local map is allows navigation within places of interest.  Now two choices, car on-foot

Car
military base- car fired upon forced to divert to local garage, car gets upgraded
mall- riots, difficult to move anywhere, skill checks for supplies
national Park - bridge blown out, local town, camping gear, beneficial modifiers

Walking distance
School- friendly allies from beginning
Supermarket - more supplies
Grave yard - mouselims are good for anti rad.  Also stupid zombie hunter comes by before rads are cleared out.  Crippled, can put out of misery or just take his equipment.

Wait it out.



Part 1:
